Hi everyone! I would like to seek recommendations for a digital marketing company or freelance individual that particularly offers content and social media services as well as PR marketing execution for SME size businesses. Thank you in advance.
I own XS by XS which is a digital marketing agency for startups in Southeast Asia. We are part of XS Multimedia which is a creative ad agency servicing some of the country's top brands.
Check out Orbitrr.com where you can simply launch a mission and creators will pitch ideas for your next social media post. Choose the ones you like and they'll make it for you.

We have SME packages for your digital needs. Please send me an email at ddestrada@snapworxdigital.com so we can send you our packages.
Hi innovators! We are currently on the seed stage of our startup (doing market validation and product dev). This is our first startup so our knowledge on creating one is only derived from books (i.e. The Ultimate Startup Guide by T.Hogan and C.Broadbent, the Lean Startup by E.Ries), seminars/webinars, and dozens of articles and videos online. Although they are all insightful, we believe that someone who can say "been there, done that" can tremendously give us a lot more insights and more chance of success in this journey. Long story short, we would appreciate mentoring from an entrepreneur with a start-up background on the following:
1. Online platform (connects Customer A to Customer B)
2. Real estate

Hi, me and my friends recently started our startup too. I hope to learn from here. As for the mentors, I usually seek advice to people whom I know that are experts. they have the experience that they can share to you, all you have to do is to test them. If they will also work on your startup.

Have you ever experienced credit card fraud?
What happened?
How did your issuing bank handle the issue?
Were you satisfied with how the bank handled the issue?
What could have the bank done better?
For those with experiences (or recommendations) you'd like to share, please PM me. Thank you!
Hi Startup PH Community! Please help us spread the information about our upcoming IGNITE INNOVATION CONFERENCE by TechShake in collaboration with Dentsu Media Philippines and IGPI. The highlight of the event will be the IGNITE PITCH COMPETITION.
We are looking for the hottest startups in the Philippines!
Join the IGNITE PITCH COMPETITION and get a chance to pitch your idea on stage in front of local and international investors.The winner will get a cash prize of USD 5,000 equity free and other valuable prizes.
Will your startup rise to the top?
REGISTER NOW and let's find out if your flame burns brighter than the rest.
Visit our website to register http://www.ignite.ph 
Please like our Facebook Ignite PH

In town til Thursday, if anyone wants to chat about their startup, PM me. I'll be free for coffee Ortigas area on Tuesday evening and Makati area on Wed evening.
Hey STARTUP PH!
Would any of you guys be interested in having our own version of producthunt.com? I just felt that it is very US-centric.
This would mean that only FILIPINO products will be shown to the FILIPINO market/community. This would also allow us to feature more domains since we will just be focusing on our market. I just thought that the music industry, CPG and many more should also be featured on a website like Producthunt.
Any thoughts?

Any recommendations for a Mentor here in Cebu 
I need extra brain power for my startup. If you want to change the world in 2 years, message me.
Requirements:
1. Persistent
2. Creative
3. Faithful
Any popular local podcasts? I listen to a lot of podcasts and I would like to hear more local PH content. Thanks.
My friends and I are interested in creating a food app startup company and we're wondering where can we find a good mentor. We don't know much, but we're very eager to learn from someone experienced in the field. Will gladly appreciate any insight you could share to us
The UST Startup Community invites you to the Startup Project PH!
Startup Project PH is a two-day session for innovation leaders, researchers, inventors, startups, entrepreneurs, and influencers to build a network to support a flourishing tech and innovation community in the Philippines. The event provides a live, in-person opportunity for youth inventors and entrepreneurs to display their critical thinking skills through inventing, innovating, and other entrepreneurial activities.
This will happen on June 2-3, 2017 at the University of Santo Tomas.
Register now at bit.ly/StartupProjectPH_Attendee
Visit our website for more details!
www.startupproject.ph
Hi Everyone! We're featuring two women founders for this Month's Startup Grind Manila !
Check out this link for more info and to claim your "Lucky Entrepreneur" Pass from Zendesk Philippines. 
Hi Startup fraternity! Am looking to connect with some expert psychometricians. Do PM me if you know one that I could get guidance from.
What: The Street-Smart Entrepreneur
Saturday, June 17 at 8 AM - 5 PM
Unit 1602 16th Flr. Jollibee Plaza Bldg. F. Ortigas Jr. Ortigas Center, Pasig City
Event Details:
Top 5 Benefits in this event:
1. Understand Business Investment
2. Business Risk Assessment for Investments to: Start up Companies; Existing Companies
3. Understanding ROI and Validating ROI
4. Appreciating and Understanding Business Numbers
5. Strategies to Start owning Businesses via Investments
Reservation Fee: 2,000php
Ticket Fee: 7,000php
***NOTE: Reservation fees are non-refundable.
For more information, contact us from the list below and look for Che:
Tel No. 941-2100
Mobile No. (globe): 0915 655 9480
Mobile No. (smart): 0949 131 5258
text me guyz or pm me in here in FB if u interested: Here is my contact # 09091155698- Nikko Magalona

Shhh, don't tell your co-founder Hope you could join the ongoing discussion. Thanks!
Geopik, an app that will revolutionize the postal system in the Philippines, by a Cebuano startup based in Singapore promoted by DTI, the trade and investment arm of the Philippine government.

I am just creating a mockup for a voting module inside tagcash wallet app, which will be linked to the Tagcoin blockchain for both registration and voting. It can be linked to a user having to undergo KYC, or just SMS verification, looking at also linking accounts to other databases for user identity. Any registration and voting would then be recorded on the blockchain...Any feedback or ideas?...
Hi everyone, we're looking for a startup team who's interested in renting a co-working space in Makati. They have good office amenities plus nice, work-conducive interiors. DM me for details.
Hi! Anyone here with experience in broadcast directing? I used black magic studio design system before to capture, switch and broadcast the footage to live television and now I'm more or less trying to find a way in order to do it digitally. Both for streaming and fb live. If you have any leads that would be great.

Hello, Startup PH! Any of you here going to RISE in HK in July? Hoping to get feedback on the event + any tips you may have for maximizing an event like that. I'm particularly interested in learning how to better support female tech startup founders and entrepreneurs. Thanks in advance for the tips!
Anyone here who knows any SLIMMERS WORLD employees / managers? Need to talk to them for an interview, and possible partnership. We recently pivoted and are currently validating our cardiac health-related idea!! Any help will be greatly appreciated. Thank you!!

Question for the B2B Startups here, what has worked for you when it comes to marketing a NEW concept/product/service to clients? I'm looking for ideas to consider for our marketing and business development plan. Aside from the personal network and referrals, how did you succeed in educating a market not yet familiar with your set of services/products? Thanks!

Question for the B2B Startups here, what has worked for you when it comes to marketing a NEW concept/product/service to clients? I'm looking for ideas to consider for our marketing and business development plan. Aside from the personal network and referrals, how did you succeed in educating a market not yet familiar with your set of services/products? Thanks!





