hi everyone ! i would like to seek recommendations for a digital marketing company or freelance individual that particularly offers content and social media services as well as pr marketing execution for sme size businesses . thank you in advance . i own xs by xs which is a digital marketing agency for startups in southeast asia . we are part of xs multimedia which is a creative ad agency servicing some of the country's top brands . check out orbitrr.com where you can simply launch a mission and creators will pitch ideas for your next social media post . choose the ones you like and they'll make it for you . we have sme packages for your digital needs . please send me an email at ddestrada@snapworxdigital.com so we can send you our packages . hi innovators ! we are currently on the seed stage of our startup ( doing market validation and product dev ) . this is our first startup so our knowledge on creating one is only derived from books ( i . e . the ultimate startup guide by t.hogan and c.broadbent , the lean startup by e.ries ) , seminars / webinars , and dozens of articles and videos online . although they are all insightful , we believe that someone who can say " been there , done that " can tremendously give us a lot more insights and more chance of success in this journey . long story short , we would appreciate mentoring from an entrepreneur with a start-up background on the following : 1 . online platform ( connects customer a to customer b ) 2 . real estate hi , me and my friends recently started our startup too . i hope to learn from here . as for the mentors , i usually seek advice to people whom i know that are experts . they have the experience that they can share to you , all you have to do is to test them . if they will also work on your startup . have you ever experienced credit card fraud ? what happened ? how did your issuing bank handle the issue ? were you satisfied with how the bank handled the issue ? what could have the bank done better ? for those with experiences ( or recommendations ) you'd like to share , please pm me . thank you ! hi startup ph community ! please help us spread the information about our upcoming ignite innovation conference by techshake in collaboration with dentsu media philippines and igpi . the highlight of the event will be the ignite pitch competition . we are looking for the hottest startups in the philippines ! join the ignite pitch competition and get a chance to pitch your idea on stage in front of local and international investors.the winner will get a cash prize of usd 5,000 equity free and other valuable prizes . will your startup rise to the top ? register now and let's find out if your flame burns brighter than the rest . visit our website to register http://www.ignite.ph please like our facebook ignite ph in town til thursday , if anyone wants to chat about their startup , pm me . i'll be free for coffee ortigas area on tuesday evening and makati area on wed evening . hey startup ph ! would any of you guys be interested in having our own version of producthunt.com ? i just felt that it is very us-centric . this would mean that only filipino products will be shown to the filipino market / community . this would also allow us to feature more domains since we will just be focusing on our market . i just thought that the music industry , cpg and many more should also be featured on a website like producthunt . any thoughts ? any recommendations for a mentor here in cebu i need extra brain power for my startup . if you want to change the world in 2 years , message me . requirements : 1 . persistent 2 . creative 3 . faithful any popular local podcasts ? i listen to a lot of podcasts and i would like to hear more local ph content . thanks . my friends and i are interested in creating a food app startup company and we're wondering where can we find a good mentor . we don't know much , but we're very eager to learn from someone experienced in the field . will gladly appreciate any insight you could share to us the ust startup community invites you to the startup project ph ! startup project ph is a two-day session for innovation leaders , researchers , inventors , startups , entrepreneurs , and influencers to build a network to support a flourishing tech and innovation community in the philippines . the event provides a live , in-person opportunity for youth inventors and entrepreneurs to display their critical thinking skills through inventing , innovating , and other entrepreneurial activities . this will happen on june 2-3 , 2017 at the university of santo tomas . register now at bit.ly/startupprojectph_attendee visit our website for more details ! www.startupproject.ph hi everyone ! we're featuring two women founders for this month's startup grind manila ! check out this link for more info and to claim your " lucky entrepreneur " pass from zendesk philippines . hi startup fraternity ! am looking to connect with some expert psychometricians . do pm me if you know one that i could get guidance from . what : the street-smart entrepreneur saturday , june 17 at 8 am - 5 pm unit 1602 16th flr . jollibee plaza bldg . f . ortigas jr . ortigas center , pasig city event details : top 5 benefits in this event : 1 . understand business investment 2 . business risk assessment for investments to : start up companies ; existing companies 3 . understanding roi and validating roi 4 . appreciating and understanding business numbers 5 . strategies to start owning businesses via investments reservation fee : 2,000 php ticket fee : 7,000 php * * * note : reservation fees are non-refundable . for more information , contact us from the list below and look for che : tel no . 941-2100 mobile no . ( globe ): 0915 655 9480 mobile no . ( smart ): 0949 131 5258 text me guyz or pm me in here in fb if u interested : here is my contact # 09091155698 - nikko magalona shhh , don't tell your co-founder hope you could join the ongoing discussion . thanks ! geopik , an app that will revolutionize the postal system in the philippines , by a cebuano startup based in singapore promoted by dti , the trade and investment arm of the philippine government . i am just creating a mockup for a voting module inside tagcash wallet app , which will be linked to the tagcoin blockchain for both registration and voting . it can be linked to a user having to undergo kyc , or just sms verification , looking at also linking accounts to other databases for user identity . any registration and voting would then be recorded on the blockchain ... any feedback or ideas ? ... hi everyone , we're looking for a startup team who's interested in renting a co-working space in makati . they have good office amenities plus nice , work-conducive interiors . dm me for details . hi ! anyone here with experience in broadcast directing ? i used black magic studio design system before to capture , switch and broadcast the footage to live television and now i'm more or less trying to find a way in order to do it digitally . both for streaming and fb live . if you have any leads that would be great . hello , startup ph ! any of you here going to rise in hk in july ? hoping to get feedback on the event + any tips you may have for maximizing an event like that . i'm particularly interested in learning how to better support female tech startup founders and entrepreneurs . thanks in advance for the tips ! anyone here who knows any slimmers world employees / managers ? need to talk to them for an interview , and possible partnership . we recently pivoted and are currently validating our cardiac health-related idea ! ! any help will be greatly appreciated . thank you ! ! question for the b2b startups here , what has worked for you when it comes to marketing a new concept / product / service to clients ? i'm looking for ideas to consider for our marketing and business development plan . aside from the personal network and referrals , how did you succeed in educating a market not yet familiar with your set of services / products ? thanks ! question for the b2b startups here , what has worked for you when it comes to marketing a new concept / product / service to clients ? i'm looking for ideas to consider for our marketing and business development plan . aside from the personal network and referrals , how did you succeed in educating a market not yet familiar with your set of services / products ? thanks !